[BLAS] Add BLAS ARM performance libraries backend. (#629)
oneapi-src/oneMKL: docs/building_the_project_with_dpcpp.rst

<https://intel.github.io/llvm-docs/UsersManual.html>`_ for more information on
``-fsycl-targets``.

.. _build_for_armpl_dpcpp:

Building for Arm Performance Libraries
--------------------------------------

`Arm Performance Libraries <https://developer.arm.com/Tools%20and%20Software/Arm%20Performance%20Libraries>`_
backend is enabled on aarch64 platform by setting ``-DENABLE_ARMPL_BACKEND=True``.

By default, it will look for the ``ARMPLROOT`` environment variable. If another
ArmPL is to be used, ``-DARMPL_ROOT=<armpl_install_prefix>`` can be used.

> Default behaviour is to used the OpenMP flavour of ArmPL libraries, this can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default behavior is to use the OpenMP flavor of ArmPL libraries, this can be
```
US English instead of UK English for consistency with the rest of the docs.

Author: Thanks, should be fixed now
